For installation instructions, please see the file INSTALL


This package provides Eikazo, a graphical frontend for Sane, which 
is intended mainly for usage with ADF scanners. It has one major 
goal: to be fast. 

Features:

- To maximize throughput for ADF scanners, a new scan is started 
  immediately after a scan has been finished. Postprocessing and
  saving of the old scan is done, while the new scan is running.

- more than one output per scan possible: You can simultaneously save 
  the scanned image into a file and send it to a printer.

- plugin mechanisms for special devices features, for post-scan image
  processing and for other "storage options".

  The device plugin mechanism allows to implement functions to support
  special device features.

  With image enhancement plugins you can automatically post-process
  the image. Currently, three plugins exist:

	o adaptive threshold
	o "dirt removal"
	o ImageMagick

  The combination of adaptive threshold and dirt removal can give better
  scan results for "problematic" originals, for example, if you want to
  extract the text from a paper with "shaded background", from an 
  stained original, or if you can't reliably predict the density of the
  ink of the text. See the sample images samples/1.tif (simple fixed 
  threshold, set in the scanner), samples/2.tif ("automatic threshold" from 
  another scanner), samples/3.tif (grayscale scan) and samples/4.tif 
  (adaptive threshold).

  The ImageMagick plugin is probably not very useful in many cases;
  some of the provided options are procesed _very_ slow -- in short: 
  it is mostly intended to show how to integrate an external image
  filter than to be directly useful. 

  Eikazo has at present three output plugins:

    - write to file. supported file formats: TIFF and JPEG
    - print
    - write to file and record some informations about the scans in an
      SQL database. This plugin is probably not very useful by itself --
      what information abouts scans should be stored in a database, 
      depends on specific use cases. The plugin is mainly intended to be 
      an example that shows how Eikazo can be extended. It is by default 
      disabled in order to keep the user interface simple. If you want to
      try the plugin, run eikazo with the environment variable
      EIKAZO_SQLSAMPLE set to 1. 
      The plugin supports MySQL and PostgreSQL.
      

planned extensions and plugins:

- deskewing
